{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh17760\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 # Kin - Builder Prompt\
\
Copy and paste everything below the line into your LLM of choice (Claude, ChatGPT, etc.) when you want to build a tool for Kin. Replace the placeholder at the bottom with what you want to build.\
\
---\
\
## Paste this into your LLM:\
\
```\
I'm building a web tool for Kin, a curated collection of free, browser-based tools. Think of it as a record label for simple web apps. Each tool gets a catalog number, a creator credit, and must meet strict standards.\
\
## Kin Standards (all mandatory)\
\
- Single HTML file containing all HTML, CSS, and JS (no external dependencies unless essential)\
- No subscription, account, login, or registration of any kind\
- No analytics, tracking, cookies, or data collection\
- No ads, upsells, or monetisation\
- Works on any modern browser, desktop and mobile\
- Responsive design that works on phone screens\
- Does one thing well. Single purpose, not a multi-tool\
- All data stays on the user's device (use localStorage or in-memory only)\
- Must include a Service Worker for offline capability\
- Must include a web app manifest for PWA installation\
- Clean, warm, trustworthy design. Not flashy, not corporate, not generic\
\
## Service Worker requirement\
\
Include a minimal Service Worker that caches all app assets on first visit so the app works fully offline. Register it from the main HTML file.\
\
## Web App Manifest requirement\
\
Include a manifest.json link in the HTML head. The manifest should specify:\
- name and short_name for the tool\
- display: standalone\
- theme_color and background_color\
- start_url\
- icons (note: actual icon files will be added later, but include the manifest structure)\
\
## Design guidelines\
\
- Typography: clean, readable, not generic (avoid Arial, Inter, Roboto)\
- Colour: use a cohesive palette with one or two accent colours, dark or light is fine\
- Layout: generous spacing, nothing cramped, touch-friendly tap targets (minimum 44px)\
- Tone: warm and functional, like a well-made physical tool\
- No unnecessary UI elements. If it doesn't help the user do the thing, remove it\
- Mobile-first. Design for a phone screen, let it scale up to desktop\
- create a clean logo for use when adding to Home Screen using the kin design aesthetic \
\
## Credit and identity\
\
Include at the bottom of the app, small and unobtrusive:\
- The Kin name\
- The creator's name (I'll tell you what name to use)\
- The catalog number (I'll tell you which number)\
\
## What I want to build:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Will be supplied in a mark down file 
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Creators name is dBridge and catalogue number KIN-005]\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Please build this as a single HTML file with inline CSS and JS, including the Service Worker registration and manifest link. Make it production-ready, not a prototype.}